Overall Requirements 4 types of users: background-job, admin, venue and artist There is a database containing around 250 records for venues. Venues are physical or online places which display and maybe also sell art, in a given geographical region (say, Boston’s greater area, about 100+ localities within around 50 miles). Artists want to look at the venues in more or less organized form and decide which ones they will approach to have their art shown and potentially be sold. For that feature, artists will pay a monthly fee. We’ll call it the artist’s fee. Paying artists will also be able to write and collect notes about each venue. They will also be able to add “stickers” to each venue. There will be 10 sticker colors, and each artist or venue will associate the meaning they want to each of them. That will be completely free form. Artists also may want to have a profile associated with them, to be viewed by other artists and by venues especially. That will be free for artists with a subscription. It is not mandatory. The artists will have limitless text and a vast number of images they can upload (say, 100) and one 5 min video. Venues want to claim ownership of their representation in the database so they can maintain accurate information and post transient information like open calls, their own 5-minute video, and browse through the artists’s profiles. For that, galleries will also pay a monthly fee, TBD. Artists and Venues will be able to report any missing records in the database, or to flag incorrect information. Whenever such a report/flag results in a new venue in the database or substantial edits, the artist or venue will get a credit of a month’s fee. An email will be sent to the admin who will use the admin tools to add or modify the record, and trigger the credit. The admin will be able to view and edit any piece of information in the system, through any sort of database admin tool compatible with the choice of a database platform (e.g.Supamode). The admin tool will be semantically agnostic. It will not manage transactions that represent actual business use cases. Use with care, and take a snapshot before making changes (unless that’s done automatically by the admin tool) Each venue will be a living entity. If the venue is not claimed, then the background-job will scrape text and images from that venue on a regular basis (weekly) so that artists can get the vibe of the venue and also see open calls. If the venue is claimed, then the background-job will just nudge the venue with a weekly or monthly email (their choice) Artists will have the ability to point to their existing website, import text and images as they see fit. They will be able to set a periodic refresh of their profile in the application so that their newer content can be showcased in the application. More Specific Requirements Artists can: Sign up using OAuth (Google, Meta) or plain email loop (with 2FA mandatory) See the list of venues, paged 10 at a time Search, filter, sort and bookmark the list of venues Filter by, group by and sort by: stickers Type Locality(ies) Distance from downtown Boston Availability of public transportation Existence of artist’s note Existence of open calls Search: The list’s content (artists’ and venues’ blurbs) The artists own notes on their venues The other artists profiles Image search on the venues’ and the artists’ images Keep a free-text field associated with each venue. Keep a detailed artist-statement and artwork description, including searchable images and videos, and links to external sites. Express their current availability, needs, goals (to be viewed by venues) Request to find, and see a list of, matching venues (this may be asynchronous, not sure yet) View the details of any venue (TBD) Receive and view open calls, including their deadlines. Annotate them just like can do with venues. E.g. “I applied on 1/1/2001” Pin open calls and other deadlines to a “todo wall” Be listed if desired. Control level of visibility: none, venues, world (on a public list) Venues can: Claim ownership of a listing via email loop. 2FA mandatory after that. Edit the listing Browse, search, filter, bookmark list of artists Broadcast open calls Bg-job will: Run monthly code to go through the venues looking for new open calls and deadlines Once a day, start a job to match artists with venues. Mark the venues as “matched” in the artist’s view and in the venue’s view and also a date-time field called “last match tried”. Don’t attempt to re-match a venue-artist combination before a week. Admin will Have edit capability on any venue-artist data Have database access for tough issues Have a way of broadcasting an email to all venues / artists Block users and venues

Add public blog with comments from artists and venues. Incentivise to subscribe to post comments and to see the profiles of artists and venues who participated. Scope: 250 venues now. Additional venues when other markets are added (L.A. ~500, NYC ~1000) Segregation between urban centers, either at the DB level or at the hosting level. Add invites from artist-to-artist. If invitee subscribes, one month off for the sender. Sender can add as many people s they like.

